Edit input validation text. (#343)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf: draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf.md

## Input Validation {#input-validation}

> Since messages between server and clients are usually sent as an opaque
> byte array, a validation process is required to detect malformed or
> invalid inputs of the protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since messages are serialized before transmission between client and server, 
deserialization is followed by input validation to prevent malformed or invalid
invalid inputs from being used in the protocol.
```
